📋 Teammate Onboarding & Run Guide
Before starting, ensure you have Node.js and Python 3 installed on your machine.

Step 1: Extract the Project Folder
Download and extract the library_system.zip file shared by your team lead.

Open the directory. You will see two core sub-folders:

backend/ (The Node.js server engine connected to the shared cloud DB)

frontend/ (The Python Tkinter graphical desktop interface)

Step 2: Configure & Launch the Backend Engine
The backend manages all structural database requests. You need to install its dependencies locally.

Open a terminal or command prompt window.

Navigate directly into the backend directory:

Bash
cd path/to/library_system/backend
Install the required Node packages (express, pg, cors):

Bash
npm install
Start up the server execution layer:

Bash
node server.js
What to look out for: If your network firewall is clear, the terminal should instantly display:
🚀 Successfully synchronized with central ROXY cloud database!
Cloud-Linked Backend engine active on local port 3000
Keep this terminal window running in the background.

Step 3: Launch the Desktop User Interface
With the backend safely channeling cloud communication, you can fire up the interface.

Open a second, completely separate terminal window.

Navigate directly into the frontend directory:

Bash
cd path/to/library_system/frontend
Install the standard Python network requests framework:

Bash
pip install requests
Launch the application window:

Bash
python app.py
⚡ How to Verify Everything is Syncing
Once the dark-themed ROXY Library System dashboard loads on your desktop:

Head over to the Student Workspace tab and click Fetch & Refresh Registry. You should instantly see the real-time list of members pulling down from the cloud.

Jump to the Search Assets tab, type a blank space or any keyword (e.g., "Algorithms"), and hit Search Catalog to verify the 50 books load securely.

Try enrolling a dummy student profile or issuing a book asset. Your changes will immediately write to the cloud and become visible to all other teammates upon reloading!